Audience : New Students
Motive   : Make them feel at ease and confident. Share the message of LOVE.

Why listen to me : Because I am you, but like 1-2 years ago.
What you(audience need to do) : Just take away some simple ideas which go a long way.

A: Ajeet says
G: Gurjot says

Amazing Afternoon Guys

G: My name is Gurjot Gill and A: My name is Ajeet Gill and I know what some of you may be thinking so let me clear that,
Yes we both are Gill but no we're not Brothers.
G: My passion is to "inspire and Help people.
A: Meanwhile, I just like to see people smile and laugh.


Lets begin

G:How are you Guys Today ? ( assumption people gonna say they are doing good Because people usally feel that ) ) 
I am Amazing. 

A : And, make some noise if you are scared and as well as excited about what a new starting, new country has to offer you.

G: Question to Audience : I wonder why you guys dont feel Amazing today. Its beautiful day 
    Anyone ?????????    //WHAT// 
    
    TOPIC OF DAY ? AMAZING  YOU
I wanna begin wih this quote ( your mind can make you i'll and at same time can make you feel happy )
Let me give you guys a situation.

you are given a two options either to get bmw Model 2012 or ferrari. Which one will you choose  so who wants bwm raise there hands, . so now who wants ferrari Please raise your hands 

Now i am sure you guys  may be wondering why is he asking about cars , how is this related to how we feel today. My friends yes it is related i will show you

it really dont matter which car you guys choose. i just wanna show you guys , When  we have choice, we go for the best one. for some of you it is ferrari and for some of you it is bmw.its human nature we desire the best for us 
i also know a rational person would like to be happy most of time, i  Myself i would love be happy most of time 
so i dont understand if you guys want best option then why when it comes to your own feeling and mindset you want good not happy or amazing for yourself.
i thought you guys wanted best for you right. what happened there 

are u guys familiar with law of attraction if not let me tell you something about it .( in case some of you know about it  , i am gonna tell you from my prespective , what that means to me and how that helped me )
its says " what you think all day long, You become that  and it also says you become what you say to yoursekf" it means if i think i will be good all day i will be that 
if i think i will be amazing, so i will be that. so it depends on you. not on your circumstances

in the end, words are just way we express how we feel but they have an powerful effect on our minds. so use words wisely.
they say tongue has no bones but it has power to break someone s will or boost it . so use this power effientily

Famous quote ( You change your mind , your change your life ) by les brown 
i applied this in my life , since then i have been feeling amazing and trying to make people amazing too. Its contagious. I hope you guys catch it too
Before Knowing this all. I use to be average guy struggling with every corner of my life.i am international student so i struggled with english and moving out alot. I remeber i use to have mood swings because i was not taking care of mind and my body . i was eating junk food all the time, wasting my money and there was no sign of  excercise too. so how did i transform my life from sad average guy to this. You guys wanna know ? ok i will tell you guys in bit. before i do, lets get to next question ? 


so now the next question  is who in this room , t thinks he or she is amazing , think before you  speak :p i am gonna 
ask why ?
i can give you Two reasons that can tell you guys are lucky and amazing like me ? you guys wanna know


1. the Scientist has finnaly cruntched numbers of you being born, chances of you being on this planet was 1 in 400 trillion , damn you are lucky 
you could be insect and boop your life is finished by someone stepping on you or you could be lion and caged in zoo sadly this is true but you are lucky , you won life lotto. you are human being. you can think ,you can  write or you can read. unforuntalety some of human being cant eeven see or walk or lsiten. so please appreciate it
this is one of reason i feel amazing.
2.you guys are rich . because you have shelter, job , money etc sadly most people dont even have this
and many more blessings
so dont get sad on small problems you may have in life Because you will have it as its life 
 Even one of the famous quote says ( No Pain No Gain )
so , you should know your blessing are more then problems you have.
Now lets come to last part of this conversation.

Where i am gonna tell you guys  Tools i used for   transforming  my life.

I recommend you guys to write  it down Because these are Tools  i have been practicing for 9 months and if you apply  These tools, you will have great change in your life.

LAW OF ATTRACTION DID HELP ME  BUT THERE WERE SOME MORE PRINCIPLES THAT BROUGHT PROFOUND CHANGE IN MY LIFE 
SO>
1. Principle no 1 is being grateful. i count my blessing every morning. so that i can feel the Abundance i have in my life. which lifts my mood and helps me feel happy and amazing. If you practice Gratitude everyday. it will help you build skill called optimitism. This is one of the skill you need to survive as it shows postive aspect of your life even when you have struggles. My Life   Before this was , i use to complain and blame alot due to which i lost alot of friendships in my life.So be grateful. Also did you guys know albert einstien , mahatma gandhi , nelson mendla etc use to practice gratitude every day. This is First thing i do in morning Before i get up  from my bed. Its very powerful if you do it everyday.
Tony robbin said once when you are grateful , fear disappears and abundance appears.

2. principle two is Taking care of your body. So students who dont know how to cook. call your mom or start watching cooking videos. Because cooking at home  is cheaper then eating outside. dont rely on junk food.Eat Healthy food. also start excercing. there are so many benefits of excerise. Morning excercise boosts your productivity of your mind and mind controls everything. if you dont take care of your mind, someday you will regret it. because without mind you cant do anything. If you look at succesful people like bill gates , richard branson , elon musk, tim cook etc they all prioritize there health by eating right and excercising because they understand there is no you if you dont take care of yourself. i myself i disliked excercising, but i wanted to look my best and wanted to take care of myself. so i started working out3 times in week 30 min , i started small but after few weeks i was working out 6 days week 1 hour because i loved it, i did not see results so quickly but i loved the feeling after seeing my gains in 2 months. i was pumped more. remeber guys 30 is excercise and 80 % is food. so eat healthy then only you will see result. some of you dont have this motivation , for people who dont, get a gym buddy ( who will hold you accountable and push you ) that will help you get on track but  as time will go by u will not need it anymore because you gonna love the feeling and GAINS.
 
3 Principle three is take care of your mind. as i said your brain is amazing machine. the most common thing every successful people like bill gates , tony robbins , elon musk etc they all take care of there mind and body. Thats why most people are not succesful because they forget to take care of there mind. some of you may even go to gym everyday but you forget to take care of mind. without your mind , there is no you. so now question is how do you take care of this amazing machine.a) mediation Because we live in noisy worldd where everyone is so busy texting , snapchating etc. mediation helps give your  break mind which works for you day and night. 1000 of research studies have shown benefits of mediatation. researchers have also found we human talk about ourselves 100 times in a day, most of which is negative self talk for example ( they dont like me , i am not good enough etc. mediation everyday makes you aware about that negativity and helps to stop it. unforutanuely the first time  you guys will do it , you will struggle as everyone does. even i did, whenever i use to sit ( so many thoughts came all like bullets, but i did not give up) i said to myself LET IT GO. thougts vanished but they came again. this cycle was there almost for 2 week. but i realised the more mediation i did , sooner my thoughts settled. now i do mediation three times  after i wake up , while travelling and before i sleep ( 15 min each time ). it really helps me and it will help you too if you start doing it. i recommed you guys start doing 5 min everyday and then increase the time by 1 min everyday. trust me you will be different and more happy.
Watch Robert green ( so that you can get more insight on mediation ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjBQe90V_-U 

unfortunately i cant tell all principles here because of short time.

But i recommed you guys to join my organisation called Association of young leaders. which focuses on this and some more stuff.
Before i go i wanna conclude what we talked about today
- law of attraction
- power of words on your mind
- how amazing you are
- princinples to transform your life i.e be grateful , take care of your mind and body
- my organisation 

So stop being good , start being amazing cause i belive that you guys are amazing


Think about it please, And Be Amazing.....
Before i go , i wanna tell you one of the famous quote by albert einstien 
' that we all are born for greatness , we just gotta find it'

Thank you for your time and have an amazing day 


